Why are you so nice to me?
We are husband and wife. good to you,
Aren't you supposed to?
However, I will also be kind to you.
Familiarity adds value, right?
OK. Familiarity increases by 50.
OK, I get it.
Yingying, are you happy?
A company I interviewed with before told me,
I failed the interview.
Are you going to show up and look for a job?
Of course. I studied copywriting and planning in my university.
I'm doing odd jobs in Tide Shui,
It's temporary. But it was hard to find a job for him.
Copywriting planning
i have a friend
He happens to be from Mom Planning Company
Is it true that I give you a pass on the street? Is this really a group?
This is the largest entertainment planning company in the country
Even awesome
What kind of friend is so powerful?
I have a common friend
It’s okay if you don’t recognize me
Let me go in, don't eat me
I'm just an ordinary student
can i do it my mom
You have to believe in yourself
And I think you can definitely do it
Then I'll try
Teacher Zhao, please give me a shout-out
Then I love my wife
But our family is doing better
I'll go to work with you
Okay, go ahead, I'll touch it